# rltactics-vue

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Development Workflow

Typically you can just run `npm run dev` which will start a hot-reloading server for the vue frontend.
It'll print the localhost url you can visit. This will cause it to hit the real backend in AWS, i.e.
the auto-generated lambdas and dynamodb tables designed to service the graphql schema.

If you want to experiment with changes to the schema, you can run `amplify mock` and then `npm run dev`
concurrently. This will set up a fake backend that persists data to local files. It works pretty well,
though there seems to be an issue with mocking the subscriptions (works fine in prod):

```
Connection failed: {"errors":[{"message":"Unable to convert $extensions.setSubscriptionFilter($util.transform.toSubscriptionFilter($ctx.args.filter))\nnull\n to class com.amazonaws.deepdish.transform.model.lambda.LambdaVersionedConfig.","errorType":"MappingTemplate","data":null,"errorInfo":null,"path":["onUpdateGame"],"locations":[{"line":2,"column":3,"sourceName":"GraphQL request"}]}],"data":{"onUpdateGame":null}}
```

If you're willing to risk prod, you can do `amplify push` instead which will update the real prod backend
with your new schema changes. Then you can forego the mock and the subscriptions will work.

When you push to the 'main' branch in git, amplify will automatically deploy any remaining changes, both
front end and back end.

### Schema Development

The heart of the schema lives at /amplify/backend/api/rltactics/schema.graphql. Many things are auto-generated
based on this file:
- The backend databases and lambdas
- Front end queries and data types

One low-consequence way of regenerating is to briefly run `amplify mock`. There's probably a more direct way.

You can also add your own front end queries. I've established a file at /src/graphql/customQueries.ts
that can also drive the auto generation of data types. If it grows too big you can make more files in
that same directory and it should automatically work.

## Project Evolution
The starting code in this project was generated by various CLI tools:
- Vue
- AWS Amplify

I followed this tutorial: https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/installation/q/integration/vue/

I then swapped the Apollo client provided by Amplify with a more canonical apollo client which seems
more powerful and easier to find documentation for.

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```
